My name is Xiaoyu Xie, born in China in 1999. I came to Australia when I was 19, I used to be a design student in the Deakin college, after I study half year of it I think Information system is more suitable for me, then I change my school to RMIT to study Information system. I also have part time job for 3 years since I was arrived in Australia. I used to work in supermarket, restaurant, now I am a salesperson for SmartUser, which is the company doing government programs. Those part time job experience help me improve a lot and I’m looking for practice job in the future. 

IT Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0vLQvJ3piE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yw_pImUsLk

Form the youtube video by the IT professional, both of them are working as a data analyst, Data analyst is the job that dealing with customer’s data, transform them into more visible useable database. For Stefanovic and Jennfer, they are working on data dashboard updating or debugging, putting data from Excel to database. Investigating data in SQL, creating report for them. 
Most of their time they are interact with other teams, stakeholders, clients. Stefanovic interact with the stakeholders for new requirements for the existing dashboard or regrading the dash boards. Jennyfer always having meetings with cross-functional teams with their project for testing the project. Because the database need debugging and test for any issues and requirements. 
Most of the time they spend for their job is for the data. For Stefanovic they spend a lot of time for debugging the existing and new dashboard, adding features to the existing dashboard, designing new dashboard for the clients by their requirements. Jennfer spends lots of the times for the data transforming, SQL queries, database and reports. 
Most of the challenging part of their job is the data transforming. For the data analyst, they need to transform the data from excel to database. Normally data is not being moded yet for the database and data analyst cannot put the data directly in the database. Data analysts need to understand the data, design the database for those data and then transfer the data in the database. They also need to set up the SQL queries pends on the requirement of the clients. 

